Update step-by-step-guide (#1426)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/general/cli/step-by-step-guide.md

![](../../../images/general/ig-step-by-step-new-project-action.png)

## Add view

[`Ignite UI CLI`](https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-cli) supports multiple component templates, as well as some more elaborated custom templates, that can be added to a project.

In case you choose to add a new control, you will be provided with a list of the available [templates](templates.md), grouped in categories.

![](../../../images/general/ig-step-by-step-template-group.png)

Use the arrow keys to navigte through the options and ENTER to choose the selected one. For some templates, like `IgxGrid`, for example you will be provided with a list of features that you might enable. Additional template features can be enabled by SPACE key.

![](../../../images/general/ig-step-by-step-component-features.png)

If you choose to add a custom template to your application you will also get a list of the available scenario [templates](templates.md)

![](../../../images/general/ig-step-by-step-scenario-templates.png)

> After adding a template to your application, you will be asked weather you want to complete the process or to proceed with adding more controls. In case you choose to complete the process, the required packages will be installed and the application will be served and opened in your default browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding a template to your application, you will be asked weather you want to complete the process or to proceed with adding more controls. When you choose to complete the process, the required packages will be installed (on project creation) and the application will be served and opened in your default browser.
```
